Go!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Whoa, this is...
She's rustier than I thought.
Teio, stay focused until you finish!
What do you think, Trainer?
She's still got a lot of work to do.
That said...
I'm happy enough that she's running again.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Teio, here's your regimen.
Episode 11
What I Feel
Oof! Basic training, basic training,
and more basic training...
Tokai Teio
Special Training Plan!
• Stretching  30 Minutes
• Roadwork  1 Hour
• Rest  15 Minutes
• Ladder Training  20 Sets
• Strength Training  (Push-Ups, Midsection, Back)
• Rest  15 Minutes
• Tire Pulling 15
• Curls  30 x 6 sets
It's like I'm getting ready to debut again.
I'm honestly kind of at
a loss about what to do.
But it's times like that—
—you need to focus on the basics.
I'm gonna work hard, like I'm
starting over from scratch.
Teio...
Plus, I'm already enjoying just
being able to run on the track again.
Yeah. Let's work hard together.
Gotta say, though...
This place is a mess!
I've been kind of pressed for time lately.
Been trying to keep track of the other
teams, and their noteworthy runners.
A lot of them have grown
a bunch over the summer.
Do you think I can help?
Say what?
It's for the team's sake, right?
I wanna do what I can to pay
the others back for their help.
Still, I'm not sure I should—
It'll be fine, just leave it to me!
I've got a knack for surveillance!
That's so weird.
Target confirmed.
What the heck?
So my grandma couldn't
find her dentures, right?
Winning Ticket...
Notable Accomplishments
• Yayoishou (GII)
Said to be among the three strongest
horse girls of the new generation,
1st Place
• Satsuki Sho (GI)
along with Biwa Hayahide
and Narita Taishin...
4th place
• Tokyo Derby (GI)
1st Place
After losing in the Satsuki Sho,
she took the Derby while
also being ranked most popular.
She shows excellent acceleration in the
way she moves up during the final stretch.
and her preparations for the Kikkashou
are looking pitch-perfect.
Lives by the motto, "Be a powerful lady."
Okay!
What is she doing?
She's crawling somewhere!
Let's see...
The Runaway
Mejiro Palmer.
Notable Accomplishments
• Takarazuka Kinen (G1)
1st Place
• Arima Kinen (GI)
• Hanshin Daishoten (GII)
2nd Place
• Tennoushou (Spring) (GI)
3rd Place
Managed to win both Grand Prix races,
the Takarazuka Kinen and
Arima Kinen, last year.
Accelerates to full speed early on,
and at this year's Spring Tennoushou,
she was able to take the lead early,
then finish in third place.
She sets a crazy pace for everyone else,
making her a tough cookie to race against.
Sucks at hurdle races, and comes
back from them all banged up.
Okay!
What is that girl even doing?
Is something the matter, President?
No, not really.
I need you to sign off on these.
Right.
Here we go...
Rice Shower.
Notable Accomplishments
• Tokyo Derby (GI)
After thwarting Mihono
Bourbon's Triple Crown,
2nd Place
• Kikkasho (GI)
1st Place
• Nikkei Sho (GII)
she ended Mejiro McQueen's winning
streak at the Spring Tennoushou,
1st Place
• Tennoushou (Spring) (GI)
1st place
demonstrating her strength as a stayer.
She was really amazing
at the Spring Tennoushou!
Oh, I should make a note that
she eats bread with breakfast.
There we go!
I checked her out already,
and this one is done, too.
Let's see, let's grab a Shaky-Shaky Jelly,
the kind that you're supposed
to shake a bunch...
What the heck?!
I ended up accidentally getting the
1.5 liter soda bottle instead of
the 150 milliliter Shaky-Shaky Jelly!
Tokai Teio...
Biwa Hayahide!
She's been in first or second
place in every race she's run in.
One of the famous BNW trio.
I can't!
The way she leaves the competition
behind during straightaways
gives her a real champion's aura.
And I have to wonder...
Why is she so intimidating?
Decarbonated cola, eh?
Very impressive.
From the data I've seen, flat soda has
an incredibly high energy efficiency,
to the point that marathon runners have
been known to drink it before a race.
I would expect nothing less from Tokai Teio.
Uh, I really just...
No need to be modest.
You've got a perfect grasp of nutritional
theory in addition to your athletic ability.
I can see why you were once
known as the greatest.
Sis...
Yes, I know.
My apologies for the interruption.
Should we ever race each other,
try not to be too hard on me.
Never thought you knew Tokai Teio.
Guess everybody knows your face, Sis.
Are you saying my face is big?!
Machikane Tannhäuser.
Has plenty of stamina,
and a knack for long distances.
Managed to beat Rice Shower
at this year's Meguro Kinen.
Nice Nature.
Came in third place at the Arima
Kinen for two years in a row.
Despite having difficulty
managing to secure wins,
her reliable running means she's
consistently on the scoreboard at the end of—
Teio?
Why are you wearing that?
Well, it's...
You can spy all you want, but try
to stay out of the way, okay?
You knew?!
It was kind of obvious in that getup.
Don't just goof off, okay?
You need to train, too.
I know!
I'm looking forward to seeing
you race again, too, y'know.
Y-You are?
I've had such a hard time
winning anything lately.
I mean, I know that I'm not
really amazing or anything.
But just when I think,
"Maybe next time," I end up injured.
To be honest, I was on the verge of giving
up when I heard you'd be running again.
And when I saw you refuse to give up,
it made me think I shouldn't, either.
Nature...
Gosh, what am I getting so sentimental about?
Talk about embarrassing!
Forget I said anything, okay?!
I'm only back because of everyone else.
A lot of people have managed
to show me how they feel.
Well, be sure to tell them how you feel.
Just like I did, okay?
Thanks again, Teio!
Thanks, huh...
Turbo, Turbo, Turbo!
If you think you can beat Turbo...
Tokai Teio!
Hey, race me!
Maybe next time,
Master Twin Turbo!
She remembered my name.
Wait, Master?
Be sure to tell them how you feel.
Thank you! Thank you!
Here I am!
Spica
And I got plenty of candid shots.
Let's take a look...
Horse girl registered with Team Canopus.
Placed third place two years in a row at
the Arima Kinen. Has had trouble winning
a race in the GI, but her reliable racing
consistently puts her onto the scoreboard,
and can't be underestimated. Has the most
common sense of anyone on Canopus.
Avec Dream
Not many notable accomplishments
after debut at the Twinkle Series,
but after switching her style up,
at the Kinshachisho (GII)....
Machikane Tannhäuser
A horse girl who specializes in middle
and long distance races affiliated with
Team Canopus. Has yet to win a GI race
but came in third place at the Kikkasho (GI).
Has previously won against the
Kikkashou-winning Rice Shower.
Rice Shower
Known as the Ebon Stayer. Has won,
and even set records at,
long-distance races like
the Kikkashou (GI) and Tennoushou (GI)...
These are... candid?
Hey, Trainer.
Thanks.
Whoa, what got into you?
You're the one helping me. I oughta—
It's how I feel about all your help.
Let's keep working hard together!
Yeah, you bet.
Teio?
I see you're back.
Excellent work on your mission, Teio-san!
What's got you looking so serious?
Guys... thank you.
When I went up on stage... I was able to
get over some things thanks to you all.
Took you long enough—
Thank you, Gold Ship.
You too, Spe-chan.
Oh, it was nothing!
You too, Vodka, Scarlet.
Well, when you go to the trouble
of saying it out loud...
It's kind of embarrassing.
That really hurt...
Okay! That just leaves McQueen!
McQueen! Hey!
Teio?
Working late, I see!
Did you need something?
I just wanted to talk to you.
I understand.
You were a spy?
I sure was!
I was all lurking in the shadows and stuff!
I would've liked to have seen that.
Also, there's something else, McQueen...
What is it?
For the other day... or really,
more like, all the time...
I wanted to say tha—
Tha?
Tha...
Teio? Is something the matter?
Huh. That's weird.
Teio? "Tha" what, Teio?
I was able to say it so
easily to the others.
Why not her?
Teio?
W-Well...
Um...
You're acting like someone
about to confess their love.
I am?!
I'm joking, of course.
U-Uh, I just remembered something I need to do!
See ya!
Teio?
Argh, what is going on?!
I just wanted to say thank you!
What is wrong with me?!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
I didn't get any sleep last night.
Teio?
M-McQueen!
What's the matter? You seem rather tired.
I was up thinking last night.
Is something bothering you?
You've been acting strange since yesterday.
Nothing, really!
You don't seem to have a fever.
O-Of course not! Why would I?!
I'm just making this harder
on myself by overthinking it.
I just need to come out and say it! Normally!
McQueen!
Yes?
Th-Tha... Tha...
Uh, tha... than... um, tha...
Oh, dear, that's the bell! We should hurry!
• Arima Kinen
• Takarazuka Kinen
The two races where entrants are
decided by popular ballot are the
Takarazuka Kinen and Arima Kinen.
Why her?
Why is it that, with McQueen, I get so nervous?
Twin Turbo-san!
And she's the last member of
Spica that I haven't thanked.
At this rate...
Thank you
May I...
Hell no.
This thanks is for me.
Could I...
You can't have it.
You can't have it!
Boo-hoo-hoo...
You don't have to get so mad, Spe-chan!
I don't have to what, now?
Spe-chan!
You're having trouble telling
someone how you feel?
I was wondering if there
was a trick I could use.
Good question. If it was me...
I would put my feelings into a snack,
using the language of snacks!
There's a language of those?
Yes!
For example, baumkuchen represents
a desire for continued happiness!
Tiramisu is a way of asking
for someone to cheer you up.
Carrot pancakes represent feeling full!
Carrot-stuffed mochi represents free seconds.
And this is something you learned, Spe-chan?
I did! But opinions vary!
I think the idea of a
present might work, though.
Look at this, Teio-san!
It's a premium carrot with a honey glaze!
I think this is supposed to represent...
Carrot
We're not shopping for you, Spe-chan!
Would a snack really work,
like Spe-chan thinks?
Teio-san!
Kita-chan? And Dia-chan's with you.
Wait... huh? What's with the outfits?
Trick or treat!
Oh, Halloween!
Yes, that's right!
You better give us a treat...
Or we'll play a trick on you!
You two look so cute!
Yay!
Is it okay if I take a picture?
Sure!
Please!
Let's see...
Good Luck
Okay, say cheeseburger!
Teio-san, is that...
I'm counting on the charm you made
me to help keep me going, okay?
Okay! I'll always be rooting for you!
Right.
And thanks again.
Funny, I don't have any trouble
saying it to Kita-chan.
Well, I've been meaning to
say thank you to McQueen,
but it's been hard for some reason.
Do you know what I mean?
Can't you just tell her?
Well, you're right, but...
Okay, why don't you try
saying it to Dia-chan?
Just an "I appreciate everything
you do for me" kind of thing.
Oh, that'll be easy!
This should be fun!
Dia-chan!
Yes, go ahead.
Well...
Yes?
Um... thank you for always
being with me and...
Well...
It's like you're confessing
your love or something!
You're blushing bright red, Kita-chan!
Aw, quit teasing me!
I guess the closer you are to someone,
the more embarrassing it is.
I always get embarrassed talking
to my mom on Mother's Day.
Kita-chan, what do you think about me?
What do you mean?!
You're my rival, and my best friend, and...
I care about you a lot!
Th-This is even more embarrassing, Kita-chan!
I get it now.
That's right. It's simpler than I figured.
To me, McQueen is...
Mejiro McQueen-sama
This is an invitation to a date ♥
I'll be waiting for you in front
of Tracen Academy tomorrow at 11 AM!
Don't miss it!
From Tokai Teio
Teio!
I'm sorry, it took a moment
to figure out this costume.
And I've never worn it before,
so I'm not sure about how it looks.
It's okay!
You look great!
That's a relief to hear.
All right, let's get this
Halloween date on the road!
Miyazaki-Sourced Chicken
Takoyaki
What brought this on all of a sudden?
Well, I figured you'd like a celebration
that involved a lot of sweets.
D-Don't be ridiculous!
I've actually been cutting back lately.
I think they're selling crepes over there.
They are?!
I mean, clearly they are.
Let's check everything out! Come on!
Right.
Here you are!
Thank you!
Balloons
You can do it, McQueen!
Cotton Candy
That's not how that works!
I can't hit it...
Leave it to me.
Okay!
That's not how that works.
That is also not how that works.
If you can finish it in
1 minute, it's free
J
u
m
b
o
B
b
a
T
e
a
Bubble Tea
Let's use the photo booth, come on!
ID Photos
That is the wrong type of photo booth!
Like this?
I think so.
H-Here it goes.
Ready!
Yeah!
♥ Halloween Date ♥
Mac ♥
Teio!
Two taiyaki please!
Taiyaki
300 Yen Each
Sweet Red Bean
Custard
Chocolate
Carrot
Casca... err, custard filling!
McQueen, you've got some on your face!
I can wipe it for you.
I can do it myself.
Let's check that out next! Come on!
All right.
Today was a great deal of fun.
Well, we haven't gotten
to goof off at all lately.
Yes. It was quite the
refreshing change of pace.
This should allow me to
focus on training again.
The fall races are gonna
be coming up soon, too.
The Fall Tennoushou, the Japan Cup,
and at the end of the year...
The Arima Kinen Grand Prix.
The Arima Kinen is going to be so great!
You're gonna be running, right?
If the fans select me, of course.
What about you, Teio?
Me?
I'm sure you'll be chosen
in the fan survey.
They'll be longing to see you run at Arima.
Aw, come on, you've seen the
times I've been managing lately.
Even if I enter, there's no way I win.
Not without a miracle, anyway.
So not this time.
I thought that would be the case.
But it's still a shame.
I think so, too.
But someday, definitely...
Yes, some day.
I had a wonderful time.
Thank you for inviting me, Teio.
Yeah.
I actually wanted to tell
you something, McQueen.
You did?
I've been wondering all this time...
what makes you different from everyone else.
You see, McQueen...
I've always looked up to you.
To me?
Yeah.
You're so strong, so cool,
and always so dignified.
And I think I was embarrassed
to tell you how I really feel.
And kind of frustrated, too.
You're really special to me, McQueen.
That's how I feel now, and it's not changing.
So...
Thank you, McQueen!
Teio...
I finally said it!
You look up to me?
Yeah!
And you've only just realized this?
Because I've always looked up to you.
McQueen...
That is so weird!
You're one to talk!
Aw!
Man, now that I got that off
my chest, I'm hungry again.
You want to eat again?
Aw, it's fine for today!
Come on, McQueen.
All right.
I think I'll get some grilled carrots.
How about you?
I believe I'll have some shortcake,
some baumkuchen, and some sweets!
But those first two are sweets, too!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm